FIGURE CHANGES:
---------------

- It is not clear what is the Network QoS Arbiter does in a component
(this wording is not used in the text).

- OK, I am looking at Fig 19 and it is confusing: It seems like 'non
application' traffic goes directly to the network interface (i.e. no
shaper/delay). I don't think this is what you mean. I suggest to show 3
queues on the diagram (use a 'queue' icon for each box, etc.), insert on
the path the delay/shaper elements, and feed into a common box labeled
'priority handler' or something similar that feeds into the network
interface. I attached some old f6 diagrams - you may be able to reuse
some symbols from these.

- It would also help add a small figure that shows the OOB channel to
throttle the publisher. You may be able to craft this on Fig 24 -
hand-drawn lines overlaid the component diagram.

DONE:
-----

- obviously you need a better quality figure 8, and/or a
reference. You may be able to generate it yourself using Matlab, but
in that case you will have to give some references. SFFMT 2013
should have some refs for sat cluster orbits.

- 3.5: I thought differentiation and integration are linear operators,
so why do you have to do this on the derivatives?

- do you have a spell checker? use it. Calclulus ? 

- tc description: for the uninitated this is hard to understand. It
either has to be expanded with more details, or a more abstract, yet
more understandable summary has to be written up. Try to use a
queuing system diagram, or a signal flow diagram to illustrate the
different actions in the different layers. And avoid the use of
Linux-specific acronyms. Nobody knows what a qdisc is.

- I would like to see the structure of the table for the routing
problem (if not the actual numbers).

- clean up the references (bibtex) ... ... ...

- saying only that results have been reported already (e.g. 3.1.3)
does disservice to your own work. I suggest to reuse text from the
paper in the thesis and report it again.

- Don't start a chapter with a figure. 4.1 Also, some of this chapter
reads like a powerpoint slide. It should read like a thesis - you
need to clearly communicate.

- 4.2 has the same problem - it reads like a superficial summary. You
are doing a disservice to your own work if you don't explain it
well, so I suggest to expand this, and explain it better.

- It seems you end many sections with a table (including Table 3, which
seems to be the new results for the routed network). I suggest (1) to
add more details for each experiment description (e.g. graph of the
profiles, with numbers - you have these already), and (2) after each
table add a paragraph or two that discusses the results. Recall this is
supposed to be repeatable science and engineering, so anybody else
should be able to reproduce your results - and your work deserves to be
written up well.

- Discussion should also include some analysis if the experimental results
are significantly different from the analytic results. E.g. for the high
priority flow you predicted 8.96 sec delay and you measured 4.14 sec.
This is 100% difference. Why? Write it up.

- When you describe the component model, it should come out that the
only developer-provided code is the business logic code - everything
else is generated or comes from a library.

